## Description

You have given an array A. The diversity of the array A is defined as the number of pairs i, j, i < j such that Ai ≠ Aj.

You want to maximize the diversity of the array. For that, you are allowed to make at most K operations on it, in any of which, you can select a particular element and change its value to any integer in the range 1 to 109, both inclusive.

Find out the maximum diversity of the array that you can obtain.

## Input Format

The first line will contain T, number of test cases. Then the test cases follow.

The first line of each test case contains two integers N, K. where N denotes the length of array A.

The next line of each test case contains N space-separated integers, the i-th of which denotes Ai.

## Output Format

For each test case, output in a single line, the answer corresponding to the test case, which should be an integer denoting the maximum possible diversity.

## Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 20

0 ≤ K ≤ 109

2 ≤ N ≤ 105

1 ≤ Ai ≤ 109

## Sample Input 1


3
3 10
1 2 3
4 2
1 1 2 2
6 2
2 3 3 2 4 4

## Sample Output 1


3
6
14

## Note

#### Explanation 1:
Every element in the array is different. The diversity is 6, which is the maximum possible.

#### Explanation 2:
Change the array to A = [1, 3, 2, 5]. Here we only need to change elements at 2nd and 4th positions. Now all elements are different.
The maximum diversity is 6.

#### Explanation 3:
Change the array to A = [5, 6, 2, 3, 4, 4]. Here we change the elements at positions 1 and 2. The maximum diversity is 14.