## Description

A valid expression is a string of the form ‘([valid expression][operator][valid expression])’.

For example, the following expressions are valid:

"1"

"(x^0)"

“((X&0)|x)”

While the following expressions are invalid:

"(1)"

"x^0"

"(X&0|x)"

A valid expression with a single term can be:

‘0’ - False

‘1’ - True

‘x’ - The variable x

‘X’ - The negation of variable x

The operator can be one of the following three characters:

‘|’ - OR operator - returns True when at least one operand is True

‘&’ - AND operator - returns False when at least one operand is False

‘^’ - XOR operator - returns True when exactly one operand is True

Given a valid expression, you have to tell the minimum number of characters to modify such that the result of the given expression is a valid expression that does not depend on x.

For example, the expression "(X|(0&x))" evaluates to True if x is False, and False if x is True. If it were to be changed into "((X&0)&1)" (by modifying its 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 6th, 7th, and 8th characters), then it would evaluate to False regardless of x's value. Though, it's also possible to make its value independent of x by modifying fewer than 6 of its characters.

Given an expression E, what's the minimum number of characters which must be modified? It's possible that no characters may need to be modified at all.

## Input Format

The first line of the input contains one integer T - the number of test cases. Then T test cases follow.

For each test case, there is a string E which is a valid expression.

## Output Format

For each test case, print on a new line the minimum number of characters to modify in E such that the result of the given expression is a valid expression that does not depend on x.

## Constraints

1≤ T ≤ 2000

1≤ |E| ≤ 300 where |E| denotes the length of the given expression.

## Sample Input 1


5

1

(X&1)

((1&(X^X))|x)

(0&(X^((X&1)^x)))

(1^(X&x))

## Sample Output 1


0

1

1

0

0

## Note

The first expression can be left unchanged (as it always evaluates to True).

The second expression can be changed to (0&1) (and it would then always evaluate to False).

The third expression can be changed to ((1&(X^X))|1)  (and it would then always evaluate to True).

The fourth expression can be left unchanged (as it always evaluates to False).

The fifth expression can be left unchanged (as it always evaluates to True).

